Readme (#6)
FACG6/city-in-the-south: README.md

- Post an opportunity [#2](https://github.com/FACG6/city-in-the-south/issues/2).
- Update profile [#3](https://github.com/FACG6/city-in-the-south/issues/3).

## Prototype:

> Website prototype is [here](https://www.figma.com/file/Pom80HoRieQ24tSmTzayO4WP/City-of-south?node-id=122%3A474).

Reviewer: a
```suggestion
Website prototype is [here](https://www.figma.com/proto/Pom80HoRieQ24tSmTzayO4WP/City-of-south?node-id=291%3A782&scaling=min-zoom).
```

Author: I think it is ok.... no need to change url
thanks

## How to use:

> - he project is still in builing stage..... In general:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This project is still in the builing stage..... In general:
```

Author: The refers to the project.
I'll correct typo
thanks you
